Expose Full Line-Length Diff Highlighting (#30939)
gatsbyjs/gatsby: packages/gatsby-remark-prismjs/README.md

### Diff code blocks

> You can specify language for `diff` code blocks by using `diff-[language]` to enable syntax highlighting in diffs. Canonically, when writing code _diffs_, the code should be indented by two characters. If the code is being changed, the first character should be a `+`, `-`, or `!` otherwise left a space. The second character should always be a space. Git-style file-location coordinates need not be indented.

Reviewer: TIL!

Author: You and me both! I Knew the + - but Prism implements ! — not sure if that's a Prism specific thing, and depending on your Prism theme it can be pretty subtle (not exactly the 'exclamation mark' kind of effect I'd hope for) but it _is_ there so I figured I should call it out 😀

`display:block` on `.gatsby-highlight-code-line` – all of this coming together
to facilitate the desired line highlight behavior.

> **NOTE:** This is _not_ the same as the Diff code-block full line-length
> highlighting for diff'd lines. Those "line highlights" work great beyond

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**Note:** This is not the same as the `showDiffHighlight` option for diff'd lines. Those "line highlights" work great beyond
```
